Update first steps tutorial (#200)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/01-first-steps.md

* Explore the contracts and storage associated with test accounts.

## The Flow Developer Playground

![Flow Playground](flow-playground.png)

The [Flow Playground] includes an in-browser editor and Flow emulator that you can use to experiment with Flow Cadence. Using the Flow Playground, you can write Cadence smart contracts, deploy them to a local Flow emulated blockchain, and submit transactions.

It has been primarily tested and optimized for Google Chrome, but other browsers should also work.

> The playground comes pre-loaded with contract and transaction templates that correspond to each of the tutorials in this series. The tutorials also include a link (e.g., [https://play.flow.com/367d1462-f291-481f-aa14-02bb5ce3e897](https://play.flow.com/367d1462-f291-481f-aa14-02bb5ce3e897)), which opens the tutorial code in a new tab. The contracts, transactions, and scripts are loaded into the templates in the Playground for you to use. 

Reviewer: @latechwriter reference style link please

You'll need to navigate between the editor and this tutorial to read the instructions and make changes to your code.

## What is a smart contract?

> In regular terms, a contract is an agreement between two parties to exchange information or assets. Normally, the terms of a contract are supervised and enforced by a trusted third party, such as a bank or a lawyer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In regular terms, a contract is an agreement between two parties to exchange information or assets. Normally, the terms of a contract are supervised and enforced by a trusted and empowered third party, such as a bank or a lawyer.
```

A smart contract is a computer program stored in a blockchain that verifies and executes the performance of a contract without the need for any trusted third party. The code itself is public and will perform all operations in an open, repeatable, and testable manner.

Programs that run on blockchains are commonly referred to as smart contracts because they facilitate important functions, such as managing digital currency, without relying on a central authority like a bank.

> Flow can run smart contracts written in [Cadence] and older contracts written in Solidity on the [Flow EVM]. These guides focus on learning Cadence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flow can run smart contracts written in [Cadence]. It can also run contracts written in Solidity on [Flow EVM]. These guides focus on learning Cadence.
```

![Playground Intro](playground-intro.png)

> Click on a few of the accounts. They're empty when first created, but you'll see contracts and storage data here as you go through the tutorials.

Reviewer: @latechwriter let's still be declarative in instructions

> You can click on a few of the accounts. They're empty when first created, but you'll see contracts and storage data here as you go through the tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on a few of the accounts. They're empty when first created, but you'll see contracts and storage data here as you go through the tutorials.
```
